Group function definitions (#6666)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

 * Yul: Adds break and continue keywords to for-loop syntax.
 * Yul: Support ``.`` as part of identifiers.
 * Yul Optimizer: Adds steps for detecting and removing of dead code.

>  * Yul Optimizer: Directly jump over a series of function definitions (instead of jumping over each one)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Yul Code Generator: Directly jump over a series of function definitions (instead of jumping over each one)
```
